Portfolio Project README
Welcome to my portfolio project! This repository showcases my web development skills using HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap to create six unique landing pages. Each landing page represents a different concept and design, highlighting my creativity and technical abilities.

Table of Contents - 

Project Structure
Technologies Used
Landing Pages
Getting Started
Contributing
License
Project Structure

The project structure is organized as follows:

Copy code
portfolio.html
projects/
project1/projectPage.html
project2/projectPage.html
project3/projectPage.html
project4/projectPage.html
project5/projectPage.html
project6/projectPage.html
 styles.css
 images/
  README.md

portfolio.html: The main portfolio page.
project1/projectPage.html to project6/projectPage.html: Individual landing pages.
styles.css:containes styles of the project.
images/: Stores images and assets used in the portfolio page.
Technologies Used
HTML: Used for structuring the content.
CSS: Applied for styling and layout.
Bootstrap: Employed for responsive design and pre-designed UI components.
portfolio page.

Description: fill in information to call you back page.
Landing Page 1 .

Description:  fill in information in order to get a suprise page.
Landing Page 2 .

Description:  fill in information to get free coffee page.
Landing Page 3 .

Description:  fill in information to call you back page.
Landing Page 4 .

Description: share your expriences and win awards page.
Landing Page 5 .

Description: fill in information to get free consultation page.
Landing Page 6 - Page5

Getting Started

To view the portfolio project on your local machine, follow these steps:

Clone this repository to your computer using the following command:

Copy code
git clone https://github.com/oran123412/finalProject.git
Navigate to the project directory:


Copy code
cd portfolio-project
Open the portfolio.html file in your preferred web browser to access the main portfolio page.

Feel free to explore individual landing pages by clicking on the provided links in the "Landing Pages" section.

Contributing
If you wish to contribute or provide feedback, please follow these guidelines:

Fork this repository to your GitHub account.

Create a new branch for your contributions:

csharp
Copy code
git checkout -b feature/add-new-feature
Make your desired changes and commit them:

sql
Copy code
git commit -m "Add your descriptive commit message here"
Push your changes to your forked repository:

csharp
Copy code
git push origin feature/add-new-feature
Create a pull request from your forked repository to this main repository, explaining your changes and their significance.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. Feel free to use and modify the code as needed for your own projects.

